# Bosch BNO055 9-DOF IMU with sensor fusion

[code]: i2c/bno055.fs (i2c)
* Code: <a href="https://github.com/jeelabs/embello/tree/master/explore/1608-forth/flib/i2c/bno055.fs">i2c/bno055.fs</a>
* Needs: i2c

This is an I2C driver for the Bosch BNO055 Intelligent 9-axis absolute orientation sensor.
This driver operates the sensor in fusion mode and provides the quaternion absolute orientation
as well as the linear acceleration data.

### API

To initialize the chip and the driver `bno-init` must be called. This
resets the chip and places it in "NDOF" fusion mode. The reset takes
about 600ms! If the return value is non-zero the chip did not initialize
properly.

`bno.info` prints the first 7 chip registers, which contain chip and software
versions.

[defs]: <> (bno-init bno.info)
```
: bno-init ( -- nak ) \ reset and initialize the chip, takes ~600ms!
: bno.info ( -- ) \ print some info about the chip versions
```

The orientation and acceleration data can be retrieved with `bno-data`
and is written into a 7 halfword buffer at `bno.data`. This buffer
contains the quaternion (w, x, y, z) followed by the linear acceleration
(x, y, z). It returns a flag to indicate whether the chip is fully
calibrated (see the datasheet for how to calibrate), the value is 1
for "system calibration" and 2 when all sensors are fully calibrated.
The data is valid once the value is 1 but calibration data is best saved
when the value is 2.

The quaternion data is signed and is shifted 14 bits, i.e., the signed
halfword represents values from -2 to +2 non-inclusive. The acceleration
data is signed and is in units of 1/100th m/s^2 i.e. centimeters per second
squared.

`bno.` can be used to fetch and print the data and `bno-test` prints
the data in a loop until a key is pressed.

[defs]: <> (bno-data bno-test)
```
: bno-data ( -- ) \ write data to bno.data
: bno-test \ print quaternion, accel, and system registers every second, save calibration when ready
```

### Variables

[defs]: <> (bno.data)
```
24 buffer: bno.data  \ data in halfwords: quaternion w, x, y, z; linear accel x, y, z
```

### Constants

The I2C address is hard-coded as `$28`.
